The alignment of the dev seems very bad, maybe better to sample training instances for validation.
There might be bugs on the dev categorization, need double check that

Goals 03-22:
1. categorize dev, with DATE, NER, NUMBER, VERBAL. Double check if there is error that might affect the performance.
double-check train and dev to see if there are silly errors for categorization.
done

2. rerun dependency parsing on new train and dev
remains to be done

3. run experiments
sample part of train as evaluation of each classifier.
add simple distance features to the parser
not finished

Goals 03-23
Refine the categorization, implement the amr restoring function given the new categories.
read paper first, for Friday's presentation.

Goals 03-24
Paper discussion

Goals 03-27
1. Add the new distance features, dependency and word distance. For different classifiers
2. Run the experiments, add statistics computation for the arc numbers.
3. Category restoration.

For NUMBER, NER, DATE, VERBAL: there might be some finite set of possible edges.
If we should add some hard constraint of length.

Just discussed with Dan: add length of dependency features to PushOrPop, if there is dependency left to the right.

compute the arc, distance distribution.
distance 1: number of arc, ratio
distance 2: number of arc, ratio
....

distance concerning dependency tree, need some way of getting this info.

all the dependency features are of wrong index. Needs some modification.
each dependency tree has added a pseudo first position placeholder as -1, and needs to be taken extreme care of.

Goals 04-01
dump the feature file for the training data and all the indexers.
train the model file separately, dump all the parameters 
evaluate on dev

Goals 04-04
train perceptron, get the performance for the concept identification
if a concept has only few occurrances and -NULL- among the choices, should not be unaligned.

Goals 04-08
dump all the types for each type of concepts: limit the choices the classifier has to make. (maybe also base on frequency)

Goals 04-09
isolate a few more categories for edges: for example, op_n structure. Should count from 1 to n, so ignore the index.

Goals 04-10
get the accuracy for each classifier. Especially for arc label

need to refine some categories base on frequency.

currently choosing 100 as the threshold, report what ratio of edge labels appear in the choice set.
if in frequent set, only choose the incoming and outgoing from the edge collections, otherwise use some dictionary.

ops outgoing edges only chosen for the finite set.

Goals 04-12
prepare the test data
get the new ner on the tokenized token file, put it under test_tokenized
./match.sh: rematch the date entities for test, also put it under test_tokenized, lemmatize, lower case if necessary.
then run.sh to categorize test data, put it under test_categorized. Then run

Goals 04-13
prepare all the test necessary files

Goals 04-14
refine the results. possible improvement: refine phrases, numbers, unaligned concepts for low frequency ones.

After run dependency parse on the test, there is minor difference in the tokenization: sentence 172
